[docs] Update references to expo install/run to npx expo install/run (#22197)
expo/expo: packages/expo-updates/README.md

# Removing pre-installed expo-updates

> Projects created by `expo init` and `npx expo prebuild` come with expo-updates pre-installed, because we anticipate most users will want this functionality. However, if you do not intend to use OTA updates, you can disable or uninstall the module.

Author: ```suggestion
Projects created by `npx create-expo-app` and `npx expo prebuild` come with expo-updates pre-installed, because we anticipate most users will want this functionality. However, if you do not intend to use OTA updates, you can disable or uninstall the module.
```
